hey it's Briggs our today we're gonna
look at another vintage Lego set this is
from 1970 so one of those Legoland mini
will vehical sits in his set number 622
the baggage carts here's the box two
shows you the baggage carts there's the
number Legoland
the box opens like this and I have one
there's an almost like new condition
despite being 43 years old the set
contains 33 pieces forty five if you
count each of the wheels on the mini
wheels mean wheel started in 1970 and
there were a lot of little sets like
this so it's great if you're a Lego kid
you didn't have to spend a lot of money
to get a Lego set you made a ton of
different little sets that you could buy
so we're going to build this I'll get it
ready to build and with a lot of these
sits from the early 70s the instructions
are very simplistic there's only three
steps well a few parts as easy as you
could just build it pretty much by
looking at the box so I'll just go ahead
and build it on camera here and boria to
get the thing that I was going through
kind of organized my inventory and I saw
this in some other small sets I want to
go ahead and build and the thing that
caught my eye is the step this dude just
driving this baggage cart I thought that
was funny looking
there's many of the many will sets
really have any people built around them
there were no minifigures of any type
back then so it is unusual
I'm also there again we have the lack of
the 1 by 4 plate even though we got
these parts live assets back then they
did not have the 1 by 4 plate here's the
dude I'm building them now that's what
I'm saying this is supposed to be
there's his head just chunky torso I
think he's got a red shirt at home and
then this is his hat that's what I think
it is you think it's something different
tell me but I think there is supposed to
be the guy driving the mean wheel
vehicle here some of the cargo these
cone I mean I Kona these round brakes
are the one by one with closed stead
with Lego logo on them and here's the
glass cargo oh this is so hard to build
i plush don't mess it up somehow put the
mean wheels on the big female park those
in the front
breaks even though they look new there
you got some serious clich going on
there I like some squeaky sounds almost
done
taste love seeing parts this old this
shiny this is pretty much new out of the
box so it's almost in mint condition I
guess it really is mint condition
so that's the the baggage carts we'll
hook them together now this is the
dangerous part even though this set has
really never been used the parts are
like new they can still break being
brittle from age I'm go ahead and when
you connect them so they go to that
female openings gotta open up a little
bit there we go that's the baggage cart
so that apparently is some kind of dude
riding on the baggage cart it's a really
simple set you will not fit in the box
completely assembled some of the many
will six do you could fit to the cars
and then weigh the other one over on top
of it
and it's not to scale on the side of the
box and let me show you the rest of the
instruction manual so that was all you
got that's all your steps real simple to
build here are some of the other sets
and each time I look at this we get to
the point where we have less and less
sets left for me to build we've built a
lot of these over here on the right
I see in the city scene I still need to
build the houses and I can't remember if
I built the fire station now 247 I think
I did not will rebuild it
I know they built it before this fire
this fire station here so that is some
some of your stats from 1970 I love the
classic stuff even though it's simple
this is what God has started into Legos
so there's a pre minifigure build a
figure there in the Lego baggage carts
alright thanks for watching this is
brick